<think>1) Overlay: The problem asks for BE. We are given CF=1 and ∠BAF=60°. We are given CE=CF. We are given CE ⊥ AB and CF ⊥ AD. We are given AB is a diameter. We are given C is on the circle. We are given D is a chord. We are given E is on AB. We are given F is on the extension of AD. We are given O is the center of the circle.
2) Reasoning: We will use the given information and the auxiliary lines drawn in the overlay image (AC, OC, BC). We will use the properties of angles in a circle, right triangles, and the given lengths.
3) We are given ∠BAF=60°. We are given CF=1 and CE=CF. We are given CE ⊥ AB and CF ⊥ AD.
4) We are given AB is a diameter. We are given C is on the circle. We are given D is a chord. We are given E is on AB. We are given F is on the extension of AD. We are given O is the center of the circle.
5) We are given that the auxiliary lines are AC, OC, and BC. We will use these lines to find relationships between angles and sides.
6) We are given that AB is a diameter. We are given that C is on the circle. We are given that D is a chord. We are given that E is on AB. We are given that F is on the extension of AD. We are given that O is the center of the circle.
7) We are given that CE ⊥ AB and CF ⊥ AD. We are given that CE=CF. We are given that CF=1.
8) We are given that ∠BAF=60°. We are given that AB is a diameter. We are given that C is on the circle. We are given that D is a chord. We are given that E is on AB. We are given that F is on the extension of AD. We are given that O is the center of the circle.
9) We are given that CE ⊥ AB and CF ⊥ AD. We are given that CE=CF. We are given that CF=1.
10) We are given that ∠BAF=60°. We are given that AB is a diameter. We are given that C is on the circle. We are given that D is a chord. We are given that E is on AB. We are given that F is on the extension of AD. We are given that O is the center of the circle.
11) We are given that CE ⊥ AB and CF ⊥ AD. We are given that CE=CF. We are given that CF=1.
12) We are given that ∠BAF=60°. We are given that AB is a diameter. We are given that C is on the circle. We are given that D is a chord. We are given that E is on AB. We are given that F is on the extension of AD. We are given that O is the center of the circle.
13) We are given that CE ⊥ AB and CF ⊥ AD. We are given that CE=CF. We are given that CF=1.
14) We are given that ∠BAF=60°. We are given that AB is a diameter. We are given that C is on the circle. We are given that D is a chord. We are given that E is on AB. We are given that F is on the extension of AD. We are given that